##February 12th, 2015 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:12pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 38

###Trenary:
* Wants to see us all institutionalize ourselves better
* Get better at making a regular process for the club
* Have younger members or any memebers jump in and help with projects and events more
* Steve Carr is willing to talk about the possibility of officers getting 1 credit hour for being a part in the club.
* Think of new and better ways to bring up new members so they are always very involved
* Thinking of starting a newsletter to get some puplicity for the club.
* Talk of having a place to play around and hack, maybe getting a subnet set up to play with and break stuff. This would be super cool for the club!
* Start building up a database for club contacts old and new
* Cut down on the "complaining or bitching" on irc

###Agenda Mechanics:
* Anyone in the club can add topics to the agenda
* This will be on the minutes page of our website on the right hand side

###Bounty board reminder:
* Opportunity for you to get room access
* Anything on the board you are welcome to tackle or help with!
* Throw any seperate ideas you might have to the board
* This sysetm helps get people more involved in cclub
* Good way to talk to other people around the club about similar interests

###Bonzai Brawl:
* Michigan tech univ. bonzai brawl. You get a period of time to create a game
* Head of this organization contacted us to do testing and maybe host a competition for one of these games
* We need people to beta test before hand and host the event itself
* April 11th would be the date this is held
* Typo is going to be help running this, we heart typo

###2 Channels:
* #AI Channel to talk about things like monofuels ant wars or any other AI related interests that members might want to mess with.
* Implement an Ops policy for channels so no one can 
* #IRC channel for talk about policys, and more club related things

###Middle School Event:
* Maple Street middle school for the arts, right up Howard street
* Settled on doing robatics using lego mind storm with the kids
* There would be 6 students 
* The idea is to guide them through learning these things
* Renix is super interested! 
* Would be around 3:30 ish to 5 ish 
* Channel will be named #middleschoolrobotics

###Card for Kapenga:
* Kapengas wife passed away earlier this week, typo has a card to sign if you would like to give your condolenses
* This will mean a ton to him, please sign!

###Officer meeting:
* This sunday at 2pm, anyone is welcome to come! Especially if you are interested in being an officer

###RPI Order:
* Next week!
* RPI 2 order

###Hackathon:
* Tomorrow!
* Stringy will be here to make sure we are all working together. Stringy is the bomb
* Anyone who wants to learn how to program colaboratly should come!

###When is Plan?:
* Weekend of March 27th
* Apparently Renix is taking care of doing shirts again!? Weeeee. SEND HER DESIGNS PLZ?!!?
* Thinking sundays for weekly plan meetings maybe around 1?

###TedX:
* Flay is talking to them tomorrow
* We would maybe have a main booth at one of there events

###Boston Key Party at the end of this month

###Sphinx tonight was voted in as a LIFETIME MEMBER OF CCLUB! because we love him and he is amazing.

###Stringy Begins Git Talk

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:47pm
