minutes/20150827.md, before:

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, August 27, 2015

- Head Count: 16
- Minutes by cpg

# Quadcopter

- Thanks for the quadcopter, Dr. Trenary!

# Room Wiring

- Officers are meeting with staff from Construction Services in order to get permanent power drops in the center of the room.

# Parkview Passport

- This is an engagement event for first-year engineering students. It is a very crucial event for getting students interested in Computer Club.
- This will take place during Fall Welcome on Thursday, September 3rd, at 1 PM.
- Please contact an officer or enquire on IRC if you are interested in helping.

# Dual-Booting Workshop

- This will take place on Saturday, September 5th at 10 AM to 2 PM in C-124 at the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
- If you are interested in helping out with this event, contact Hardison or discuss in the #geekouts channel.

# International Collegiate Programming Contest

- Dr. Trenary is gathering students to participate in the [International Collegiate Programming Contest](http://icpc.baylor.edu/).
- Send him an email (trenary@wmich.edu) if you are interested.

# Study Pool

- [Study Pool](https://www.studypool.com/) is an online learning platform that will be sponsoring us!

# HackerRank

- We have been contacted by [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/) and are considering participating in it. Voice your interest in the #ctf channel on IRC.

# Wireless Router

- If you have a wireless router that you would like to donate, feel free to bring it into the office.

# TEDxKalamzoo

- [TEDxKalamazoo](http://tedxkalamazoo.org/) will be taking place September 26th.

Commit message:

Add more detail about parkview passport.

minutes/20150827.md, after:

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, August 27, 2015

- Head Count: 16
- Minutes by cpg

# Quadcopter

- Thanks for the quadcopter, Dr. Trenary!

# Room Wiring

- Officers are meeting with staff from Construction Services in order to get permanent power drops in the center of the room.

# Parkview Passport

- This is an engagement event for first-year engineering students. It is a very crucial event for getting students interested in Computer Club.
- This will take place during Fall Welcome on Thursday, September 3rd. It usually begins at 2 PM.
- Please contact flay (flay@yakko.cs.wmich.edu), stringy (stringy@yakko.cs.wmich.edu), or enquire on IRC if you are interested in helping.
- There will be no Computer Club meeting on this day because of Parkview Passport.

# Dual-Booting Workshop

- This will take place on Saturday, September 5th at 10 AM to 2 PM in C-124 at the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
- If you are interested in helping out with this event, contact Hardison or discuss in the #geekouts channel.

# International Collegiate Programming Contest

- Dr. Trenary is gathering students to participate in the [International Collegiate Programming Contest](http://icpc.baylor.edu/).
- Send him an email (trenary@wmich.edu) if you are interested.

# Study Pool

- [Study Pool](https://www.studypool.com/) is an online learning platform that will be sponsoring us!

# HackerRank

- We have been contacted by [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/) and are considering participating in it. Voice your interest in the #ctf channel on IRC.

# Wireless Router

- If you have a wireless router that you would like to donate, feel free to bring it into the office.

# TEDxKalamzoo

- [TEDxKalamazoo](http://tedxkalamazoo.org/) will be taking place September 26th.
