##February 26th, 2015 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:00pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 38

###Cclub Sign Coming:
* Voted on this a couple weeks ago
* "omputer Club hacker space and RSO office"
* between 80 and 150 dollars
* This will hang outside the room from

###Elections for a new president:
* Need to think who will be president once flay is gone 
* We will decide on an election date at next weeks meeting
* We will be voting for all positions!
* Executive board can create new positions as needed for the club
* You may be able to earn credits in the future for being an officer! We are shooting for 2-3 officer positions being able to get these credits
* We are going to be adding a voting function online. This will be more anonymous

###Constitution is now on wiki!:
* This will be up so anyone can review it and make reference to it

###CTF:
* Boston Key Party
* Starts tomorrow at 5pm and goes until 12pm on sunday
* One of the higher rated ctf. More difficult but it will be very fun!
* We will probably get pizza!
* We will be doing this as a team, anyone is welcome with any level of experience
* 8 or 9 people raised there hand and said they would hopefully be there on friday

###Purchases:
* Last summer we voted on allocating about 150 dollars towards a laser color printer
* Radio Shack is going out of business so flay is trying to get one of these printers from them sometime soon. It will be a huge office printer for the room.
* Radio shack is also selling "Little Bits". These are modular electronic sets. These kits are normally 200 dollars, but they are 40 percent off right now.
* These might be good to buy for the new opportunitys we have been presented with like visitin schools and helping younger kids get involved with technology.
* We voted tonight that we will allocate 300 dollars to buying things at radio shack
* Flay has a lock Impressioning Kit! Very Cool!

###PLAN Updates:
* If you are looking to help come to the PLAN meetings sunday at 1pm
* If you cant attend meetings but still want to help out, pm hardison or join #plan

###Next Week's Talk:
* Working in agile / scrum environment 
* Flay is going to try and find someone to give this talk, if you are interested let him know!
* One of the things that comes up a lot when you are looking at CS job applications are questions related to agile programming environments
* Knowing things about this would be a great thing to add to your resume

###3dPrinter:
* Monofuel made a page on the wiki on basics of how to use this!

###Hackathon:
* Postponed until next friday because of the CTF occuring tomorrow
* Botler basic functions are finished! Awesome!
* New project next week along with continued botler work
* Adding even more new functions to botler

###Flickr Account:
* him15farm@photos.flickr.com
* Email any pictures you would like added to the cclub flickr account to this email address

###Middle School Robotic Event:
* If you are intereted you need to fill out some paperwork before hand to be involved
* emilydemorest@gmail.com if you are interested. She will send you everything you need!
* This event involves the club getting a small group of middleschoolers involved in lego robotics
* This will get the club and you individually a lot of press!
* We are looking at starting this in mid March or early April

###Job's Function added to botler:
* This is added so when you hear about jobs you can add them so everyone in the club can check it out and apply.

###Bounty Bucks(repeated):
* Can earn this currency based on what you work on in cclub, for example items of the bounty board.
* You can use these funds to go towards things you would like to see the club buying, to lower the cost.
* This currency will not be used on any concessions
* These can only be used on things that are for the club
* Everyone has a wallet who wants to participate. Club will be the only person who mines on this
* No one will mine their own currency, it will be distributed be cclub officers.
* Generate 1000 coins every second, we might run it for an hour or so, and be set.
* Whoever finishes the task first gets the bounty reward.

###DRC donated 

###Stringy begins talk

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:43pm
