minutes/20151001.md, before:

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, October 1st, 2015

- Minutes by cpg

# Game Inventors Club

- There will be a virtual meeting in the #gic channel on Wednesday, October 7th.
- This will be for planning and brainstorming. Talk to moses for more detail.

# DefCamp CTF

- We will be meeting in the Computer Club room at 5 PM tomorrow, October 2nd.

# Projector

- We have received a projector and mount for the room!

# PLAN

- Registration for Fall Plan 2015 is now up! Tell your friends and send them a link to [whatistheplan.com](http://whatistheplan.com).
- We are still asking for volunteers, including tournament directors. Let Hardison know, or message the #plan channel on IRC.

# Western Student Association

- Cade Gillem (cpg) is reaching out to technology RSOs to connect them with WSA, Western Michigan University's student government.
- WSA gives students the opportunity to represent their colleges and RSOs as well has a voice to the university administration. Computer Club has chosen its WSA senator, but there are currently a few open spots in the senate to represent the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
- If you are interested in becoming a senator, apply at [westernstudentassociation.org](http://westernstudentassociation.org/legislative/senate/).
- All Registered Student Organizations are also allowed funding for events (under a certain set of restrictions). Talk to cpg or browse [westernstudentassociation.org](http://westernstudentassociation.org/funding/allocations) with any ideas for Computer Club events to fund.

Commit message:

Some revisions and more information about the CTF.

minutes/20151001.md, after:

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, October 1st, 2015

- Minutes by cpg

# Game Inventors Club

- There will be a virtual meeting in the #gic channel on Wednesday, October 7th.
- This will be for planning and brainstorming. Talk to moses or join #gic for more detail.

# DefCamp CTF

- We will be meeting in the Computer Club room at 5 PM tomorrow, October 2nd to participate in the DefCamp CTF. You may also join in through the #ctf channel.
- More information can be found at [dctf.def.camp](http://dctf.def.camp/).

# Projector

- We have received a projector and mount for the room!

# PLAN

- Registration for Fall Plan 2015 is now up! Tell your friends and send them a link to [whatistheplan.com](http://whatistheplan.com).
- We are still asking for volunteers, including tournament directors. Let Hardison know, or message the #plan channel on IRC.

# Western Student Association

- Cade Gillem (cpg) is reaching out to technology RSOs to connect them with WSA, Western Michigan University's student government.
- WSA gives students the opportunity to represent their colleges and RSOs and connect with university administration. Computer Club has chosen its WSA senator, but there are currently a few open spots in the senate to represent the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
- If you are interested in becoming a senator, apply at [westernstudentassociation.org](http://westernstudentassociation.org/legislative/senate/).
- All Registered Student Organizations are also allowed funding for events (under a certain set of restrictions). Talk to cpg or browse [westernstudentassociation.org](http://westernstudentassociation.org/funding/allocations) with any ideas for Computer Club events to fund.
