minutes/20160324.md, before:

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, March 24th 2016

- Minutes by cpg
- Head Count: 28

# Computer Labs at the Engineering College

- The computer labs at the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences are hiring. Talk to stringy if you would like more details. 

# Western Student Association

- cpg will not be seeking the IT Coordinator position for the Western Student Association again next year. If you are interested in this position, talk to cpg and he will notify you when registration is available.
- This position involves updating WSA's website, and representing the IT-related concerns of students to the student government and faculty.

# Secure Software Programming Course

- Dr. Carr has started a secure software design course to complement the CTF course. This needs a petition with ten signatures, so please talk to sphinx if you are interested.

# Officer Nominations

- Nominations have taken place for this year's officer election. Below is a list of candidates who were nominated for each officer position discussed today.

## President

- kami
- mobyte
- zurek
- themind
- cpg
- strongth
- kessler
- sloan
- kell
- transistor
- twitch

## Vice President

- nospace
- mobyte
- cpg
- zurek
- strongth
- kami
- sloan
- kessler
- themind

## Secretary

- mobyte
- sloan
- cpg
- hellbacon
- tank21
- twitch
- strongth

## Treasurer

- sloan
- transistor
- hellbacon
- strongth
- quinn

## Vice President of Finance

- bigguy
- grizzzly

## Vice President of Operations

- transistor
- sloan

## Vice President of Public Relations

- sloan
- kell
- kessler
- quinn

Commit message:

Add election date to minutes.

minutes/20160324.md, after:

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, March 24th 2016

- Minutes by cpg
- Head Count: 28

# Computer Labs at the Engineering College

- The computer labs at the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences are hiring. Talk to stringy if you would like more details. 

# Western Student Association

- cpg will not be seeking the IT Coordinator position for the Western Student Association again next year. If you are interested in this position, talk to cpg and he will notify you when registration is available.
- This position involves updating WSA's website, and representing the IT-related concerns of students to the student government and faculty.

# Secure Software Programming Course

- Dr. Carr has started a secure software design course to complement the CTF course. This needs a petition with ten signatures, so please talk to sphinx if you are interested.

# Officer Nominations

- Nominations have taken place for this year's officer election. Below is a list of candidates who were nominated for each officer position discussed today.
- The election is scheduled for the next meeting on March 31st.

## President

- kami
- mobyte
- zurek
- themind
- cpg
- strongth
- kessler
- sloan
- kell
- transistor
- twitch

## Vice President

- nospace
- mobyte
- cpg
- zurek
- strongth
- kami
- sloan
- kessler
- themind

## Secretary

- mobyte
- sloan
- cpg
- hellbacon
- tank21
- twitch
- strongth

## Treasurer

- sloan
- transistor
- hellbacon
- strongth
- quinn

## Vice President of Finance

- bigguy
- grizzzly

## Vice President of Operations

- transistor
- sloan

## Vice President of Public Relations

- sloan
- kell
- kessler
- quinn
