minutes/20160211.md, before:

Weekly Meeting Minutes, February 11th, 2016

- Minutes by cpg
- Head Count: 27

# BonzAI Brawl

- [BonzAI brawl](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/) is a programming contest put on by Michigan Tech.  
- This will take place on April 2nd.

# PLAN

- PLAN meetings will be conducted after the regular Computer Club meetings every other Thursday, starting this meeting (February 11th).
- The final date for PLAN will be decided tonight and posted in the #plan channel on IRC.

# CAB Representative

- If you would like to represent Computer Club to the Campus Activities Board, talk to cpg.

# Planned Server Outage

- We will no longer be undergoing a planned server outage in March. 
- That being said, we may be doing updates on the server sometime soon.

# Marmalade Dog

- Marmalade Dog will be taking place March 18-20.
- This is a gaming convention put on by Gamers Guild at WMU.
- If you are interested in helping out with this event on behalf of Computer Club, talk to sink or Hardison.
 
# cflock

- cflock, our office's VM server, is currently down due to a failed hard drive.
- If you would like to help, talk to giggles or cpg. This server may need new 10000 RPM SAS hard drives.

Commit message:

Add official PLAN date, since it is not changing.

minutes/20160211.md, after:

Weekly Meeting Minutes, February 11th, 2016

- Minutes by cpg
- Head Count: 27

# BonzAI Brawl

- [BonzAI brawl](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/) is a programming contest put on by Michigan Tech.  
- This will take place on April 2nd.

# PLAN

- PLAN meetings will be conducted after the regular Computer Club meetings every other Thursday, starting this meeting (February 11th).
- The final date for PLAN is April 1-3, with most activity on the 2nd.

# CAB Representative

- If you would like to represent Computer Club to the Campus Activities Board, talk to cpg.

# Planned Server Outage

- We will no longer be undergoing a planned server outage in March. 
- That being said, we may be doing updates on the server sometime soon.

# Marmalade Dog

- Marmalade Dog will be taking place March 18-20.
- This is a gaming convention put on by Gamers Guild at WMU.
- If you are interested in helping out with this event on behalf of Computer Club, talk to sink or Hardison.
 
# cflock

- cflock, our office's VM server, is currently down due to a failed hard drive.
- If you would like to help, talk to giggles or cpg. This server may need new 10000 RPM SAS hard drives.
